Young ones, it's true that the more you understand Jehovah, the more you love him.
And what a blessing you have if your family worships Jehovah, with you and teaches you
how to draw close to him.
But some young ones have had to build their faith without their family's support.
Listen to the experience of Ersi Royer from the United States.
What spiritual decision did she face at just 14 years old?
And what did she do that illustrates the value of deep personal study?
Growing up, it wasn't the typical, my mom's a pioneer, my dad's an elder, and we're doing
great in the congregation.
My family life wasn't the best.
So why would I want to do this religion that nobody's happy in our family with?
And I think that could make you feel very alone or odd or awkward or secluded.
And at that time, I was graduating eighth grade, there were dances, friends were hanging
out, going to parties, and I remember thinking, wow, these look like really nice kits.
Why wasn't I doing that?
I hadn't really delved into the Bible enough to answer questions that I really needed
to know.
I went and prayed at Jehovah and said, I'm so sorry, but today I'm not a witness.
I'm going to try to prove everything that I've been taught is wrong.
I asked him if he's real to help me understand.
So I go in my room, shut the door.
I got every book off the shelf.
I started off organized, but by the end of the evening, I had books all over the place,
pages open.
The more I kept reading about Jehovah, the more the next topic it would take me to to
then connect the scriptures.
Jesus is linked to Jehovah, the angels are linked to Jehovah, resurrection is linked
to Jehovah.
So you can't believe in one and not everything else if you really want to know the truth.
And so that's what did it for me, especially the scripture in Psalms when it said that
you saw even the embryo of me.
And it was an emotional scripture for me because I thought, wow, my parents aren't doing great
in the truth right now, but Jehovah found a way to find me and he knew what I could be.
Now I have my answer.
I don't have an excuse.
Jehovah gave me enough knowledge that now I'm responsible.
I now need to act on that and show my love and return for him.
Within a week, I found another sister in the hall that was really helpful in me getting
out and service quite often.
I don't think to the stage she ever knows how much I appreciated that.
Although things were declining in our family spiritually, I was able to get baptized as
I progressed spiritually.
I could see that I did not have the support of my family.
But I had to trust that Jehovah would help me through it.
And at least by the time I got home if there was an issue, I had the strength of the
meeting and the brothers and sisters in that joy that they couldn't take away from me.
Remember I came home one day with some friends, it was a nice day, encouraging, upbuilding.
We pull in our driveway, they drop me off, say goodbye.
My parents were really upset when they came and met me at the door.
They couldn't fully understand why I was making my decisions.
The way I was to serve Jehovah more fully.
We just could not agree on where my relationship with Jehovah was going.
And at that point, I left with the clothes on my back in the matter of a few minutes
my life forever changed.
I had a spiritual aunt that took me in and helped me gather myself together and literally
fed me, clothed me, helped me spiritually.
And so then my support became Jehovah and the congregation.
I remember a sister told me years ago, be who you needed when you were young.
And so when I look at those little ones, I look at myself and say, how could I have benefited
from someone taking the time for me when I was that age?
I have always tried remembering the young ones because that's just part of who I am.
And making sure that they know that they're not alone.
If there was a young one out there that wasn't sure if this is the truth or not, I would
like them to know that Jehovah knows who they are and he's finding a way for them to
know him and that Jehovah is real and he knows them by name and he wants them to live
and he's fighting for them.
How amazing that young Hersey chose to spend an entire day studying, proving to herself
that Jehovah knew her and loved her.
But this was no one time study marathon.
From there she worked to develop the study habit she needed to endure, grow and become
a spiritual person.
She pioneered for several years and now serves at Bethlehem with her husband, Jeff.
In my conversation with Hersey, she expressed her love for her family and the hope that
someday in the future she'll be reunited with them spiritually.